# curriculum knowledge graph


## Introduction

This application is designed to help users visualize and manage university courses, focusing on course knowledge graph visualization, curriculum comparison, and course knowledge mapping. Developed for UvA (University of Amsterdam), the platform provides various tools to explore, compare, and edit course content, relationships, and knowledge graphs.

online link: https://ckg.lab.uvalight.net/graphvisualiztion/overview

## Project Overview

### Primary Features:

#### 1. **Course Overview**

- Users can view UvA courses by year and filter them by different trajectories.
- Each course is displayed as a card, with courses that lack data shown in grey.
- Clicking on a card takes the user to the course knowledge graph editor, where they can edit nodes and edges and save changes.
- Users can also view related courses and similar nodes for each course.

#### 2. **Course Graph**

- Displays a graph of UvA and ACM courses.
- Users can see relationships between courses and understand the overall course structure.

#### 3. **Course Similarity**

- Allows users to compare the similarity between two courses.
- Shows how similar the courses are and highlights similar nodes between them.

#### 4. **Curricula Similarity**

- Compares the overall similarity of curricula from UvA or ACM.
- Provides a big-picture view, showing the relationships and similarities between all courses.

#### 5. **Trajectory Visualization**

- Visualizes each trajectory, showing its objectives and the related courses.
- Users can also check if the course objectives are aligned with the course's knowledge points

#### 6. **Upload Files**

- Users can upload CSV files with course information.

#### 7. **User Authentication**

- Includes login and logout.

#### 8. **Admin Panel**

- The admin panel allows users to add or edit basic course information, like course names and years.



## Technology Stack

1. Backend: Django (Python)
2. Frontend: Django templates, HTML, CSS, JavaScript
3. Styling: Bootstrap 5
4. Icons: Themify Icons
5. Database: SQLite (for storing basic information of courses) / Json Files (for storing nodes and edges)



## Environment Setup

Steps to Set Up Development Environment:

1，Clone the repository:

`git clone https://github.com/zoewang27/curriculum_graph.git`

2，Create and activate a virtual environment:
`python3 -m venv venv`
`source venv/bin/activate`  # For Windows: venv\Scripts\activate`

3，Install dependencies:

`pip install -r requirements.txt`

4，Run migrations:

`python manage.py migrate`

5，Create a superuser for accessing the admin:

`python manage.py createsuperuser`

6，Run the development server:

`python manage.py runserver`



## File Structure

**curriculum/**: This is the main project directory, where the settings and configuration files are located.

**account**/: This application is responsible for managing user accounts

**graphvisualiztion/**: This application focuses on visualizing course graphs and relationships.

- **migrations/**: Contains migration files generated by Django for database schema changes.
- **models.py**: Defined 2 data models, including course and trajectory.
- **views.py**: Contains all functions that handle incoming web requests and return responses.
- **urls.py**: Maps URL patterns to the corresponding view functions.
- **templates/**: Holds HTML templates.

    - **allcourses.html**: Handles Curricula Similarity
    - **contentmgmt.html**: Not in use (deprecated)
    - **editGraph.html**: Edits the course knowledge graph
    - **filesmgmt.html**: Handles file uploads
    - **graph.html**: Not in use (deprecated)
    - **layout.html**: Base layout template for consistent design
    - **overview.html**: Overview of UvA courses
    - **similarity.html**: Handles Course Similarity
    - **singlecourse.html**: Displays the course graph for a single course
    - **trajectory.html**: Handles trajectory visualization
    
**media/**: This directory is where user-uploaded files will be stored. It includes:

- **CSV Files**: Used for uploading course-related data, such as course descriptions, objectives, and other relevant information. Users can upload these files to populate the database with course data.
- **JSON Files**: These files serve as the database for nodes and edges in the course knowledge graphs. They can store structured data about the relationships and attributes of various course elements, making it easier to manage and visualize the course content.

**static/**: Contains static files like CSS, JavaScript.

**requirements.txt**: Lists all Python packages required for the project, which can be installed using `pip install -r requirements.txt`.

**db.sqlite3**: The `db.sqlite3` file is the default SQLite database file created by Django

**README.md**: Provides documentation about your project, including setup instructions, features, and usage.



## Others

ACM material : https://github.com/zoewang27/curriculum_graph/blob/main/curriculum/cc2023.pdf



CSV template: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1dDXfAThGlsENnwjmo4QMnMzGiW3E5MExrz3ZoT_V1Ns/edit?gid=616175438#gid=616175438



